Document accessing multiple azure storage accounts in single catalog (#23716)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/object-storage/file-system-azure.md

* - `azure.oauth.secret`
  - A OAuth 2.0 client secret for the service principal.
:::

## Access multiple storage accounts

To allow Trino to access multiple Azure storage accounts from a single
catalog configuration, you can use [](azure-oauth-authentication) with a

> service principal. First, create a service principal in Azure Active

Reviewer: ```suggestion
service principal:

First, create a service principal in Azure Active
```

> Directory (App registrations) and save the client secret. Then, grant the

Reviewer: What is this "(App registration)" trying to imply?

Reviewer: Also .. potentially the "Then.. " could be a new paragraph or you could use numbered steps

> service principal access by assigning appropriate roles, such as Storage

Reviewer: I think Storage Blob Data Contributor is an actual name of a role .. so please bold it

> Blob Data Contributor, to each storage account. This is done via the Access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blob Data Contributor, to each storage account. Use the Access
```

> Control (IAM) section, where you add role assignments and select the service

Reviewer: Again .. what is "Access Control (IAM)" .. if this is a title or screen or table name in the Ui.. use bold

* - `azure.oauth.secret`
  - A OAuth 2.0 client secret for the service principal.
:::

## Access multiple storage accounts

To allow Trino to access multiple Azure storage accounts from a single
catalog configuration, you can use [](azure-oauth-authentication) with
an Azure service principal. The following steps describe how to create
a service principal in Azure and assign an IAM role granting access to the
storage accounts:

- Create a service principal in Azure Active Directory using Azure
  **App Registrations** and save the client secret.
- Assign access to the storage accounts from the account's
  **Access Control (IAM)** section. You can add **Role Assignments** and
  select appropriate roles, such as **Storage Blob Data Contributor**.
- Assign access using the option **User, group, or service principal** and
  select the service principal created. Save to finalize the role
  assignment.

 Once you create the service principal and configure the storage accounts

>  use the **Client ID**, **Secret** and **Tenant ID** from the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 use the **Client ID**, **Secret** and **Tenant ID** values from the application
```

* - `azure.oauth.secret`
  - A OAuth 2.0 client secret for the service principal.
:::

## Access multiple storage accounts

To allow Trino to access multiple Azure storage accounts from a single
catalog configuration, you can use [](azure-oauth-authentication) with
an Azure service principal. The following steps describe how to create
a service principal in Azure and assign an IAM role granting access to the
storage accounts:

> - Create a service principal in Azure Active Directory (using Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a service principal in Azure Active Directory using Azure
```

>   `App Registrations`) and save the client secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **App Registrations** and save the client secret.
```

> - You can assign this service principal to have access to the storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can assign access to the storage
```

>   account(s) from the account's `Access Control (IAM)` section. You can add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  accounts this service principal from the account's **Access Control (IAM)** section. You can add
```

>   `Role Assignments` and select appropriate roles, such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Role Assignments** and select appropriate roles, such
```

>   as `Storage Blob Data Contributor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  as **Storage Blob Data Contributor**.
```

> - Assign access using the option `User, group, or service principal` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assign access using the option **User, group, or service principal** and
```

  select the service principal created. Save to finalize the role
  assignment.

>  Once you create the service principal and configure the storage account(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Once you create the service principal and configure the storage accounts
```

>  use the `Client ID`, `Secret` and `Tenant ID` from the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 use the **Client ID**, **Secret**, and **Tenant ID** values from the application
```

 registration, to configure the catalog using properties from

>  [](azure-oauth-authentication).

Reviewer: empty line after code
